It's 106 miles to Chicago, we've got a full tank of gas, a half a pack of cigarettes, it's dark and we're wearing sunglasses.  Hit it!
Rock and raaaaaaaaaawwwlllll!
Ready to rock! 
Apaches, Captain! The hills are swarmin' with 'em!
Will you just watch the hair? You know, I work on my hair a long time and you hit it. He hits my hair.
Saigon. Shit! I'm still only in Saigon. Every time I think I'm gonna wake up back in the jungle...
The dream is always the same.
In less than a year I will be dead. Of course I don't know that yet, and in a way, I am dead already.            
Think you used enough dynamite there Butch?            
No women, no kids, that's the rules.            
OK, so we got a trooper pulls someone over, we got a shooting, these folks drive by, there's a high-speed pursuit, ends here and then this execution-type deal.
Yeah that's easy for you to say, you're Mr. White, you have a cool sounding name. All right look if it's no big deal to be Mr. Pink, do you wanna trade?
This is Ripley, last survivor of The Nostromo, signing off.
If you believe you're playing well because you're getting laid, or because you're not getting laid, or because you wear women's underwear, then you ARE! And you should know that!
You talkin' to me? You talkin' to me? You talkin' to me? Well, who the hell else are you talkin' to? You talkin' to me? Well, I'm the only one here. Who the fuck do you think you're talkin' to?
Stanley, see this? This is this. This ain't something else. This is this. From now on, you're on your own.
The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he, who in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who would attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon thee.
I'm in a world of shit.. yes.  But I'm alive, and I am not afraid.
You ain't from this planet are you Vincent?  Who is gonna mug two black fellas holding pistols sat in a car that's worth less than your shirt?
You have been weighed, you have been measured, and you have been found wanting. In what world could you possibly beat me? 
My advice to you is to start drinking heavily. 
(Chef): Why do all you guys sit on your helmets? Soldier: So we don't get our balls blown off. 
You smell that? Do you smell that? ...Napalm, son. Nothing else in the world smells like that. I love the smell of napalm in the morning. You know, one time we had a hill bombed, for twelve hours. When it was all over I walked up. We didn't find one of 'em, not one stinkin' dink body. The smell, you know that gasoline smell, the whole hill. Smelled like... victory. Someday this war's gonna end...
Never give up! Never surrender!
Look, I have ONE job on this lousy ship. It's STUPID, but I'm gonna do it, OKAY?
Come with me if you want to live! 
Hello, my name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father: prepare to die. 
Momma always said life was like a box of chocolates.  You never know what you're gonna get.
You're gonna need a bigger boat.
